
Being a woman of
Faith
A life full of purpose
Our mission
We are women young and old having one thing in common our faith in God through
the Lord Jesus, desiring to empower women with wisdom to live a fulfilled life no
matter what stage she may found herself.
Being rooted in christ our lord we want to bring light into the darkness of this world
to help our fellow women live a life by faith. For we walk by faith and not by sight. ()
Our strength comes from the Lord , so in Him we trust and we hope our content will
bless and richly empower you!
Who are you ?
1- Teenager
2-Young woman
3-Married women
The Gospel of Jesus
• We acknowledge that we cannot do anything on our own and that any
power to do good comes from God. Jesus died to reunite us to God and
renders one to be born again and be as a living sacrifice unto God.
• We are born sold to sin and slave to sin and we cannot be freed from sin
without Christ. Whatever good thing God ask us to do is after we have
been regenerated that we can do it fully.
• You are a child of God when you are regenerated by His spirit which leads
you to obedience 1 Peter 1:1-2.
• Jesus our Lord has gotten victory over sin and over any dominion or
authority in this world so we walk in this victory daily.
• This is the foundation of our work and the source of any strength to do any
advice you will find in this website. We hope you begin from this
foundation as you follow us.
1

- Teenager
  Introduction • You are at a pivotal point in your life, standing between childhood
  and womanhood. The decisions you make now can have a
  significant impact on your future. You are full of energy and, for
  many, still under parental care. Surrounded by friends, this is a time
  when a lot can happen.
  Teenager( Your
  spirituality)
  • This is the genesis of your identity. Without a
  spiritual foundation, you may face physical and
  mental challenges. You were created by a loving
  God who desires to make you His daughter. He has
  already paid the ultimate sacrifice for you. Will you
  open your heart and accept the sacrifice of Jesus?
  Will you give Him full control over your will?
  • If your identity is in Christ, you will not be swayed
  by seasonal or societal changes because you will
  know who you are. You will understand the
  greatness of your Heavenly Father and how
  precious you are to Him.
  • The decision to follow Him and learn about Him
  through His Word (the Bible) and prayer is a
  significant step in your life, and it is beneficial to
  make this commitment while you are still a
  teenager.
  Teenager( Health care)
  Your healthcare
  You are at a point where many changes are occurring in a phase called
  puberty , you are seeing changes in your body , your appearance
  becomes more feminine.
  Teenager( your
  health care)
  • Here is what you need to do:
  • First, don't panic! All the changes you're experiencing are normal
  and biological—you're not alone, we all went through this.
  • You're growing taller than your male peers, and that's completely
  normal. This growth spurt will slow down by the age of 16.
  • Your breasts are starting to develop, so you might need a bra to feel
  more comfortable and presentable.
  • Your biological clock is also starting. You may soon see (or have
  already seen) some blood coming from your private parts—this is
  called menstruation. Let your mom know as soon as it happens.
  Use a calendar app on your phone to track your cycle, noting the
  number of days from your last period to the next. This helps you be
  prepared with pads and avoid any accidents.
  • Due to your growth spurt, your daily calorie intake requirement has
  increased to 2200 calories. Focus on essential nutrients like
  calcium, iron, zinc, and vitamin D. Don't neglect dairy and green
  veggies, but try to limit candies, fast food, and sodas to avoid
  excess fat.
  • Stay physically active and balance screen time with other activities
  like sports, reading, and doing household chores.
  .
  Teenager ( Mental
  Health)
  • In addition to the changes in your body, your mind is also
  going through many transformations. This is because
  you're experiencing numerous changes and challenges in
  a short period of time, all while your brain is still
  maturing.
  • If you feel very anxious, have trouble sleeping, or feel sad
  all the time, don
  ’t keep it to yourself
  — talk to God about
  your feelings, open up to a parent of trust. Fill your mind
  with the word of God and not the lies of the enemy.
  • In today's world, where teenagers are exposed to social
  media and peers at school, comparison and low self
- esteem can become significant problems. Remember, you
  were created in a unique way by your heavenly father and
  you are beautifully made for a purpose in Christ.
  • Remember that all things work together for your good
  and no what happens remember to trust God he is your
  heavenly father and is aware of all.
  Teenager( What should you do at this time?)
  • Focus on Your Education: Your brain is at a stage where learning comes easily, so make the most of it and
  do your best in your studies.
  • Seek a Good Relationship with God: This time of life is relatively free from stress (financial, relationships,
  etc.). Use these fruitful years to diligently know God more through His Word (the Bible) and prayer. Desire
  to please Him in everything you do.
  • Be a Friend to Your Mum: No one on this earth can love you more than your parents. Confide in them, and
  share your emotional and physical struggles—they will be of great help. Don't take your age mates as
  counselors; they are as naïve as you.
  • Surround Yourself with Christian Friends: If your friends have the same goals as you, that’s the best for
  you. Don’t chase after friends who make you feel inferior or desire things you shouldn’t have right now.
  Certain things are for future use—don’t try them now, as they will waste your time and be emotionally
  draining.
  • Discover and Perfect Your Talents: Whether it's music, singing, drawing, painting, playing a sport, or
  writing, let these activities keep you busy after school hours.
  Young woman(
  lady)
  • Introduction • I won’t specify an age limit here, but you aren’t
  yet married and are preparing yourself for that
  stage of life while honing other areas. You may
  still be under parental care or, for many, already
  independent. This moment is crucial as it
  prepares you for marital life, independence,
  motherhood, and increased responsibility.
  • Our society has diverse views on these matters,
  but in this forum, we aim to uphold a more
  godly standard.
  .
  Young woman(
  what awaits you?)
  • You may be completing your studies or already
  starting a career, and these may occupy most of
  your days. However, it doesn't end there.
  Depending on your country of origin, marriage
  may be an unavoidable topic.
  • Before going any further, remember that there
  is no lateness in any of these areas
  —education,
  marriage, or motherhood. As long as you are
  making the most of the opportunities presented
  to you, just keep moving forward with
  confidence.
  • Your identity is not defined by marriage or
  career but by being a daughter of the Most High
  God. Keep this in mind as we move forward.
  Young lady( A case
  study)
  • This is a Christian forum, so most of our case studies will be from the Bible.
  It is full of wisdom and not just personal experiences, ensuring that our
  advice can be truly impactful for you.
  • Have you ever heard the story of Rebecca (Genesis 24)? She was a young
  lady like you, living under parental care. What I want you to notice is her
  behavior and good heart. She wasn’t fetching water to be noticed; it was
  simply a household chore she was doing. She decided to fetch water for all
  the carmels and even proposed them to come over to their house.
  • In the process of obeying her parents (doing the will of God), she applied
  what she had learned from her parents and from God, and she obtained a
  husband. And not just any husband—the only son of Abraham, the father
  of faith. Rebecca is remembered throughout history today.
  • What would have happened if she had filled her heart with bitterness,
  sadness, or distraction?
  • You are not late in the eyes of God; He is preparing you for what He has in
  store for you. You need preparation for any task, so don’t go through it with
  bitterness, but with joy through faith. The blessing of Rebecca will surely be
  yours.
  • Remember to Trust God , He gave His only Son to save you, don’t doubt on
  trivial needs of this world , your God is far greater than that. His timing is
  not your timing.
  Another case study
  • Let’s consider another example, this time focusing on Dina, a daughter of Jacob, from Genesis 34. Dina was a young girl from a
  good family. There's something important to note from her story. Dina left her house to see the other girls in the city. While
  strolling through the streets, she was seen by the prince of the country. She was taken advantage of and later asked in marriage.
  • Do you notice the difference between Dina and Rebecca? One significant distinction is distraction and idleness—two powerful
  tools the devil uses to lead young ladies astray. Rebecca was not idle; she was always busy helping her mother and happily running
  errands when asked. Dina, on the other hand, was likely idle at home and decided to go out just to see the city girls. How long
  could that take? Where exactly was she going? What would she see or do there?
  • If there's one lesson to learn from these stories, it is to stay busy doing what God has given you to do. By doing so, you are
  learning and equipping yourself with the tools needed to successfully accomplish your future duties.
  Another case study
  • Let’s consider another example, this time focusing on Dina, a daughter of Jacob, from Genesis 34. Dina was a young girl
  from a good family. There's something important to note from her story. Dina left her house to see the other girls in the city.
  While strolling through the streets, she was seen by the prince of the country. She was taken advantage of and later asked in
  marriage.
  • Do you notice the difference between Dina and Rebecca? One significant distinction is distraction and idleness—two
  powerful tools the devil uses to lead young ladies astray. Rebecca was not idle; she was always busy helping her mother and
  happily running errands when asked. Dina, on the other hand, was likely idle at home and decided to go out just to see the
  city girls. How long could that take? Where exactly was she going? What would she see or do there?
  • Because of her idleness and distraction she brought her whole family to be guilty of murder. The devil does not come to you
  just to steal. He also kills and destroys don’t give him access in any part of your life.
  • If there's one lesson to learn from these stories, it is to stay busy doing what God has given you to do. By doing so, you are
  learning and equipping yourself with the tools needed to successfully accomplish your future duties.
  Young lady(Sexual
  Purity)
  • I guess when you hear of sexual purity you think of
  remaining virgin or abstaining from sexual
  intercourse with a man. While that is very true and
  an important part of sexual purity, it’s not all. If you
  are a Christian you may know that our mind is a
  major way through which we can sin. Sexual purity
  requires abstaining from any activity or thought
  which is sexually impure.
  • You may have known the Lord while not being a
  virgin anymore or after a rape. You can still become
  sexually pure. You are a new creature in Christ
  Jesus (1 Corinthians 5:12)
  • The images you watch, what you do to your body
  while alone , what you do over a call with a boy or
  man all affects your purity.
  • We are required to offer ourselves as a living
  sacrifice unto God (Romans 12:1). God wants your
  body, soul and mind to belong to Him wholly.
  The Married woman
  • Introduction :
  You are married may be to a Christian partner or maybe not. You have
  kids or are planning to have. You are a spouse, mother, daughter in law,
  sister inlaw etc. That’s a lot to manage if you have to do it with your
  own understanding.
  God who gave you these duties did not leave you alone thankfully , he
  gave you his Holy spirit to guide you to fulfill this purpose beautifully.
  We want to use this platform to show you how to use the tools God has
  already given you to win you warious battles, excel in your duties and
  live a happy and fulfilled life.
  Who are you?
  • It’s true we spoke about being a spouse , a mother , daughter inlaw
  etc but that’s not your identity, those are your roles.
  • You have to redefine who you are , you are a daughter of the Most
  high God if you have already surrendered your life to Jesus and have
  been regenerated by His spirit. If not , please start from there, you
  can’t do it with just rules of do’s and don’ts. It’s a crucial step for
  every human being.
  • You are created in Christ to fulfill the purpose for which God has
  already planned for you. “Ephesians 2:9-10”
  What does it mean ?
  • Being a woman created in Christ to fulfill the good works which god has
  already planned for you entails you are not creating what you need to do.
  You are just entrying the plan of God and obeying to everything you find
  there.
  • In your life you are full of faith that what ever you have before you has
  been prepared by your Father , so he has your back. It creates assurance
  and internal peace. Situations do not shake you , you seemed unbothered
  by the hardest situations not because you are strong but because He that is
  in you is bigger that he who is out there.
  • Fear is not your portion , you walk by faith because to you all what your
  Father has told you through His Word , revelations are true and all other
  thoughts or words are lies.
  Living with your spouse
  Your spouse is your closest relationship, he knows you more and you are more
  sensitive towards him. His appreciations or reproaches have more importance to
  you than any one else’s. You love and cherish him and have a lot of expectations
  from Him.
  This is just a narrative for most married women , some live different realities , some
  live at the verge of separation, some even regret to have accepted such a man as
  spouse.
  Here is the common denominator , you are tied to this man as long as he is alive
  and your union is not just recognized by men but it’s a covenant before God which
  no man can set apart not even you.
  The bible teaches us the order in marriage in 1 Corinthians 11:3 , Christ is the head
  of the man and man is the head of the woman.
  So your husband is your head, he leads the home and that’s something you should
  accept wholeheartly.
  Living with your spouse (2)
  • The bible says he is to love you as Christ loves the church and you are
  to be submitted to him in everything Ephesians 5:22-25
  • Notice that this command is given to each spouse and was not
  conditional on the other. Submission is not in case the wife is loved
  though it will be done more easily in such a case. But submission is
  your duty as a wife independent of the obedience of your spouse to
  his own command to love you.
  • You may be married to a husband who is not born again remember
  you still have to be submitted to him we will understand as we move
  why this foundation is important in our walk by faith.
  Living with your spouse by faith
  • You have placed the foundation on which your home is built. Now
  what next?
  Remember your marriage , or your duty as a spouse is all in the
  program of God when you are born in Christ.
  Let’s look at a woman in the bible who walked according to her
  calculations and emotions sara ,
